Add DevSecOps in Action: Kubernetes Secrets blog post (#45640)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2024-05-09-devsecops-in-action-k8s-secrets/index.md

---
layout: blog
title: "DevSecOps in Action: Kubernetes Secrets"
slug: devsecops-in-action-k8s-secrets
date: 2024-05-09
author: >
  Evgenii Frikin
---

The Secret is one of the basic resources that exists in the Kubernetes API. This
kind of resource is used for different purposes and despite the name Secret,

> sensitive data is insecure to store in it. Recently considerable attention has
> been paid to
> [security improvement](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/)
> for kind of Secret resource, but Kubernetes still doesn't include appropriate
> out-of-the-box because Kubernetes philosophy carries simplicity in order not to
> compromise it engineers have to make sure Kubernetes Secret are saved

Reviewer: PTAL at the suggestion for better clarity.

```suggestion
Recently, considerable attention has been paid to [security improvement](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/) for the Secret resource, but Kubernetes still doesn't include appropriate out-of-the-box solutions. And because the Kubernetes philosophy emphasizes simplicity, the engineers have to ensure that Kubernetes Secrets are securely saved.
```
